# Bullet changelog

## v2.4.5 - (10/08/2022)

Fixed problems with excessively scaled section images and collection page `quick tags` displaying despite being deactivated.

### Fixed

- Important: Fixed a problem where images across multiple sections were scaled excessively.
- Important: Fixed a problem where collection page `quick tags` displayed despite being deactivated.
- Footer alignment on mobile.
- Decreased "Image padding".
- Shop the look titles overflowed on mobile.
- Longer list of "Suggested searches" overflowed on mobile.
- "Default page" single column height now takes all available space.
- Top cart close button clickable area.


## v2.4.0 - (08/08/2022)

We've been hard at work making Bullet better for you. We added new sections, enhanced performance, and fixed a series of bugs.

### Added

- (Collection page) Option to display a list of hand-picked links via the menu.
- (Collection page) Option to display a list of hand-picked collections.
- A new "Shop the look" section.
- Option to disable lazyload inside image-focused sections.
- Option to hide author, date, and featured image in Articles.
- Option to switch between 3 variants for "Default pages".
- Option to switch between "Top drawer" and "Page redirect" when adding products to the cart.
- Option to change the height of the "Hero image" banner.
- Option to have footer blocks take the whole width.


### Changed

- All sections reflect the Product card's global grid options.
- A series of changes to the footer


### Fixed

- Minor bug fixes
- Image crop in OG tags.
- An error in "Hero video" where the placeholder image is blank, caused an internal error.
- An error in "Product card" where if the product had no image it caused an internal error.
- A margin problem in pill variants.
- An height error of iframe videos included inside rte.


## v2.3.0 - (24/06/2022)

We've been hard at work making Bullet better for you. We added new sections, enhanced performance and fixed a series of bugs. Bullet is now available in Italian and Spanish.

### Added

- (Product list): A new section using the new product_list type. Now you can have a selection of products without having to first create a collection and populate it with the products. It can be used with metafields.
- (Recommended products): You can now hand-pick your recommended products. 
- (Events): A new section and page template for your upcoming events.
- A new single column page layout.
- Autoplay and loop videos on the product page.
- Option to make the whole hero banner clickable.
- Option to move the "Hero banner" and "Double banner" content around in different positions.
- Option to switch between text and icons in the header menu.
- Thumbnails to header cart.
- Added option to enable "Vendor name" in "Header cart" and "Cart page".
- Option to add "Suggested links" under the header's search bar.
- Option to show only the current variant image, instead of all images on the product page.
- Option to fix content section, while scrolling, on product pages.
- Option to float "Product card" "quick buy" buttons.


### Translations

- Bullet is now translated and available in italian (IT).
- Bullet is now translated and available in spanish (ES).


### Fixed

- Minor bug fixes
- The rounded corners on images disappeared if "Padding" was set to "Large" in Layout.
- The top cart was overflowing on large screens when the layout was set to boxed.
- In some cases the "Moving text" overlapped.
- Collection filter alignment collapse
- (Hero video): Fixed a bug where if more than one section was present on the page, the player wasn't loading properly.
- Fixed a bug where custom properties weren't displayed properly in cart.
- Fixed product's media slider on mobile. It's now more intuitive and works smoothly.


## v2.2.5 - (05/05/2022)

### Fixed

- Important: Fixed a bug where the "Reset password" page is not letting users reset their passwords. It's recommended to update your theme. In case you've made changes to Bullet and cannot update the theme, visit the [Bullet documentation](https://gist.github.com/openxthinking/651b0862be22098ebca4376d967b67a9) for instructions.
- Fixed "Featured collection title" top gap on mobile devices.

## v2.2.0 - (04/04/2022)

Minor bug fixes and improvements.


### Added

- (Product page): Added separator block to product section.
- (Product card): Added option to enable/disable the subtitle.
- (Typography): Added option to enable/disable custom fonts.


### Changed

- Moved the announcement bar, newsletter, and cookies into their own sections.


### Fixed

- Minor bug fixes
- Minor improvements
- (Featured collection): Fixed a bug where the title wasn't sticky to the top if the window was resized.
- Code improvements for the Theme editor
- (Marquee): Fixed a bug where the marquee made the Theme editor crash when more than 2 marquee sections are active.
- Fixed grid borders misalignment in header, footer, and other sections.


## v2.1.0 - (28/03/2022)

Rebuilt product cards, added new sections, fixed bugs, improved performance.

### Added

- (Hero video): Added a new "Hero banner" section, but for self-hosted videos.
- (Marquee): Added a new "Marquee" section, so you can use the marquee as a section wherever you want in your pages, not only in the header for the announcer.
- (Hero banner): You can have different banner images for Desktop and Mobile.
- (Footer): Back to top button.
- (Collection page): Added option to display the tags that are currently applied/present to a collection.
- (Filters): Added support for boolean metafields
- (Image with text): You can now change the colors of this section. Background, color, button.
- (Logo list): You can now add a Heading to the logo list section. You can also change background and text colors.
- (Product suggestions): Added heading title "You'd also like"
- (Product card): ✦ You can now control the number of products per row on Desktop, Tablet, or Mobile. ✦ Option to remove the price from Buy button and variant select. ✦ Subtitle (via metafields) ✦ Enable/disable image round corners and padding.


### Changed

- (Product card): Rebuild from scratch the Product card design and logic. Image now scales properly, keeping the aspect ration.
- (Featured collection section): The title updates depending on the currently selected collection.
- (Featured blog section): The title updates depending on the currently selected blog.
- (Breadcrumbs): Breadcrumbs now displays one level prior current page.
- (Icons): Better, minified/smaller icons


### Fixed

- Minor bug fixes
- Minor improvements
- (Hero banner): If you leave the Title and Button empty, they won't show up.
- (Header cart): On empty cart it shrunk to minimum width size.
- (Word split): This caused words to be split midword and make text unreadable.
- (Product suggestions): Fixed an error where the suggested products were not showing if HTML compression was active.
- (Hero text): When 2 or more of the same section display the same background/color/text etc.
- Fixed an error where the price in Header cart, Cart page & card button outputted the HTML code



## v2.0 - (17/02/2022)
- Initial release
