# Bullet changelog

## 3.1.0 - (18/01/2023)

Version 3.1.0 introduces several fixes and enhancements to make Bullet even more flexible, fast and easy to use.

### Added 
- For accessibility, a Skip to Content button has been added. 
- A section for newsletters.
- Added new services to the social media section. 
- Added option to disable the "floating add to cart" button on product pages. 
- The height of the product card's can now be adjusted manually. 
- Option to add links to collage images.
- Option to have 2 or 3 banners per row in "Hero multicolumn".
- Added more options to the inventory status block.

### Modified 
- Code refractoring in JS modules.

### Fixed
- Important: A bug in which the variants did not work if both product image sliders (desktop and mobile) were disabled.
- Important: When a variant was selected, the slider did not take you to the correct image.
- A bug where the slide count displayed a lower images count than those available.
- A bug in Firefox caused icons to be invisible. 
- In Firefox, the slider controls on the product page were not visible. 
- Resolved a layout issue with the Featured product expand button in Firefox and Safari. 
- When JavaScript was disabled on mobile devices, the main menu did not function. 
- Main menu accessibility has been improved.
- Fixed a bug that caused the search page to not function properly.
- On order page, the titles for shipping and billing addresses were identical, causing confusion for users.

## v3.0.0 - (08/12/2022)

We listened to your feedback and are pleased to announce that we are introducing a series of new sections and features to address our most popular feature requests.

### Product page
- Three different page designs on desktop.
- Desktop media slider for product images. You can now have product images scroll horizontally on desktop and mobile devices.
- Image zoom for product images.
- Show `sold out` variant indicator on the product page.
- SKU block.
- Trust badge image block.
- Size chart popup block.
- Inventory status block
- Payment icons block
- Complementary products block.

### Presets
- New "Midnight" preset.

### Added
- (Section) Image slideshow/slider section.
- (Section) Age verification popup
- (Section) Countdown section
- (Section) Collage section
- (Section) Guarantees section
- Added scroller for long breadcrumbs so they do not overlap on smaller screens.
- New Collage/Lookbook page.
- Added a heading block to the FAQ page, allowing you to categorize your FAQs.
- The Hero banner section now supports self-hosted videos.
- Option to align the text inside the Hero banner.
- A subheading text area in the Hero banner.
- Control the top cart content.
- Fade the page's content slightly when the top cart is open.
- Add a border on hover, around main menu links in the header.
- Display a "Continue shopping" button in the top cart
- Enable/disable top cart action buttons.
- Enable/disable the "Back to top" button.
- Enable horizontal scroll for grid-based product sections. e.g. "Featured collection"
- Option to filter what search results appear on the search page.
- Option to change font weight, and text case of buttons.
- Option to hide the price for sold-out products on the product page.

### Changed
- Changes to structure code.
- Upgraded part of the CSS framework.
- Instead of being limited to a pre-selected number of links in the footer Legal links, you can now select a menu.
- You can now set a "Max width on desktop" up to 2400px
- Updated several images to use the `image_tag`
- Cleaned up and optimized the header.
- Hero banner sizes.
- All borders now reflect the global border property for consistency.
- Customer-facing pages, such as log-in, account, orders, and so on, now support sections.

### Removed
- The option to manually pick products to show in the recommendations section. You can now do it using the "Shopify Search & Discovery" app.
- The "Hero video" section was removed and merged into the "Hero banner" section.

### Fixed
- Accessibility for input elements.
- The layout for `/challenge/` page.
- The layout for Policy pages.
- If no description is available hide the description box on mobile in collection pages.
- A bug where all `details` are closed when clicked outside of them. Now only those who need to close, do close.
- Fixed a bug where `webp` images weren't loading on the cart page and top cart drawer.
- Fixed a problem in Custom code CSS/JS where the editor converted `> <` signs preventing code from working.
- Fixed a bug where if the logo was too big or the menu was two or more lines the dropdown menu overlapped.
- Fixed cart title on mobile.
- Fixed password page design.
- Khaki preset low-contrast text color was fixed.

---

## Previous changelogs
- [Bullet v1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openxthinking/changelogs/master/bullet/v1.md)
- [Bullet v2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openxthinking/changelogs/master/bullet/v2.md)
